step 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease and flour three 8-inch cake pans and set them aside. In a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time. Stir the mixture just until the yolk disappears. In a small bowl, whisk together the red food coloring, cocoa, salt, and vanilla until completely blended. Tip the cocoa mixture into the creamed butter and sugar mixture. Blend on medium-low speed until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Add ⅓ cup of the buttermilk and blend on low until incorporated.

step 2. Next add ¾ cups of the flour and mix on low. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add half of the remaining buttermilk and then half of the remaining cake flour; take care not to over-beat after each addition. Blend the batter on low until the mixture is just incorporated. Repeat this process until all the buttermilk and flour are incorporated. In a small cup, stir together the vinegar and baking soda until completely dissolved. Use a rubber spatula to gently fold the vinegar mixture into the cake batter. Absolutely do not beat! Divide your batter equally into the three prepared cake pans. Bake about 18 to 20 minutes, until toothpicks inserted in the centers come out clean (moist crumbs are okay, but you don’t want wet batter). Towards the end of your baking time, start making periodic checks - you don’t want to overbake. Cool in the pans for ten minutes, then turn the cakes out and cool completely on a wire rack.

For the icing:
Combine the cream cheese and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat until blended. Add the sugar and beat until fluffy. And the vanilla and mix on low until the icing is smooth and creamy.
Frost and stack your layers as desired. Cover the finished cake and keep it in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
